# Gym Membership Program
## Introduction
This is the program I designed for my final a level computer science project in 2022. This application is designed to serve as a way to allow a gym to move to a digital system for improved efficiency with clear execution of any task that an employee may have. It provides a visual GUI that has been clearly formatted and labelled allowing a clear understanding of anything going on, and preventing mistakes being made with the input or manipulation of client data. The system effectively and clearly uses data, allowing it to appropriately serve its purpose.  

## Program Design
The entire program has been written within a single file using just python code. To store the permanent data of clients and users, then there are two csv files being made use of with one for the employees including the owner of the gym, and the second csv file being used to store the data of the actual gym members. The program makes use of the tkinter library to effectively create a clear and visually appealing GUI for the users of the system. The program clears the screen before loading a new page to show the changes and different sections of the programs, making use of functions for this process to do this effectively. The program also makes use of the datatime library to accurately record data for memberships to prevent inaccuracy. The csv library has been used to make sure that the python file can appropriately interact with the csv files for reading/writing data. Colours have been chosen across the program, to fit the theme of a gym but also to make sure that buttons can clearly resemble the purpose which they're meant to fulfil.
